hi guys SMB from this motek UK this is
the transcend stored jet 35 t3
three-quarter-inch external hard drive
the version that we have here is the two
terabyte version it can also come in the
three terabyte version as well so let's
look at the front of the box we have the
transcend logo right at the top here and
an image of the actual external drive
here
the banding down the bottom here the
color scheme say mentioned there is USB
3.0 and 2.0 compatible up at the top let
me just bring that in a bit closer for
you
I said mentions about the various
different bits of software that is
available to encrypt compress and backup
as well and it's a sleeper speed USB 3.0
compliant and backwards compliant
compatible with USB 2.0 our system
vertical orientated design will save
room on your desk and it's also got a
power saving sleep mode which I believe
kicks in roughly after about 10 minutes
time a couple little icons up here about
the OneTouch backup the power saving and
the file encryption moving around onto
the side of the box we have an image of
the external drive and again the another
side profile of the drive on the back
here spring that in a bit closer ice
it's nice and shiny on the back here so
apologies if you are seen quite low for
reflection this particular Drive itself
doesn't actually come with a three-year
limited warranty which is really good to
see a nice long warranty on these again
I'll see you've got the different
dimensions of the actual drive which
also will be available on our website
for you to have a look at connect
connection band width up to five
gigabits per second one touch auto
backup so you literally hit the button
and it will automatically save or backup
files folders operating systems whatever
you want to backup to straight way to
the central Drive features the power
saving modes which I mentioned already
it's also got fun this fun less low
noise operation so there's no fan in
here to actually keep the drive cool
and that's about it really I see we all
know the difference between USB 3.0 and
2.0 easily setup I see just plug it
straight into the depower Succot connect
it to the back of the drive connect the
USB 3.0 cable to the back of your PC and
off you go does mention about the actual
software and security tools that are
available online for you to download so
let's just have a quick look so there's
anything down here so we have individual
specifications as to what a 2 and a 3
terabyte drive will actually hold the
package content a little bit of
information here done if you can quite
see that it does also have an LED status
light for power and transferring
activity and the operating temperature
is from around 5 degrees centigrade up
to 55 degrees centigrade so it doesn't
particularly get that hot so let's have
a look inside the actual box bear with
me while I get this out
close that back up a man stick that back
over there okay so we have a plastic
wallet here see what's inside now we
have the warranty card a little bit of
information about the memory models
multimedia products etc the
all-important QuickStart guide to all
the extant hard drives that they do so
you've got the complete range here the
different store jets etc there you go
a power adapter still into that amount
this is a sealed bag here we go
now see it's one of those that comes
with the one that we've actually got has
got um a European adapter on here we've
not actually got the English version now
see obviously if you were to purchase
this you would get that so I'll play
around with that in the moment I've got
an adapter so we will in a another
review actually we're testing the speed
of this just to see how well it does
actually perform and how easy it is to
set up the own important USB 3.0 cable
the music over there and this is natural
drive um I don't think I have no
straight away the actual drive is is my
heavy actually and a lot heavier than I
actually thought it would be so that's
the front somehow got the OneTouch
button here I'm sue mentioned it's USB
3.0 super speed the transcend logo
embossed into the side panel here I see
some a couple of the holds there for
ventilation and again on that side and
the bottom got some holes for
ventilation I think that's going to draw
the cool air in at the bottom and let it
escape naturally through
can't really see inside the actual drive
so hopefully with a bit of software that
we have when maybe try and find out what
drive they actually use in this on the
back we do have the USB 3.0 port to
connect the cable to and the power in as
well so what we want to do is just power
this up so you can have a quick look and
see what the writing looks like on the
led okay so what I've now done is
untangled the cable itself for the power
adapter and I've also connected out to
my PC now as you can see with the lights
hopefully flickering away there you can
see I'll see how bright the actual
blue-ringed LED is around the outside
which was quite nice
there is no on/off switch on this
particular device it does have the sleep
mode and but probably would be nice to
see an on-off switch on there as well
not very much vibration coming from the
device and very low with regards to the
noise etc so all in all a really nice
looking Drive I'll see the capacity is
good with it being a two and a three
terabyte version so big thumbs up to
transcend nice-looking Drive thanks very
much for sending it along and we'll look
forward to seeing you in our next review
we hoped you liked our video review if
you did then please leave a like as well
as any comments or questions you may
have down below for details and
specifications on this item can be found
at our website Nismo tech comm along
with all the links for purchasing if you
wish also on our site you'll find our
latest reviews and current giveaways
plus a lot more we look forward to
seeing you in our next review